THE BLACKJACK GAME IS DONE!!!

After 23 hours across six days, I finally have a fully functional one-player simple text-based Blackjack game built with Python.  It works VERY well. 
I played over 100 hands with the final code without a hitch. During coding and troubleshooting today, I ran 560 cells. 
Today, I added the show_some and show_all functions, which show the hands depending on whether the dealer's first card is face up or face down. 
After that, I added all hand-ending scenarios. Next was the play_again function that asks the player if they want to play again. 
Lastly, I coded all the classes and functions to work together in the final section of the code and gave the player the rules of the game. 

Gluing all the classes and functions together into a final product was the most time-consuming part. It took up about half the day (5 hours or so). 
I had to completely redo the betting methods and add Blackjacks that pay the player 3 to 2 (150%) of their bet and a lot of other minor issues and fixes. 

Today I spent 10 hours on this project. I only wanted to code for 6 hours and work on other projects later in the day, 
but I was in the groove and couldn't stop, and I got obsessed with completing the game today since it was "so close" to being done. 
So I didn't do anything but code this game out and test it, and test it some more. Dedication and persistence pay off!

Tomorrow I will look at the intended solutions for this project and follow allow with the instructor for more hands-on experience. 
I'm curious how mine and his code will differ. 
One thing I know for sure is that my game is more user-friendly, has a few extra features, and just plays better. 
I'm not saying I am a better coder than the instructor, I'm just saying that I went above and beyond the project requirements because I wanted to. 

The code can be viewed in my completed projects here on github
https://github.com/KyserClark/Completed-Projects/blob/main/Blackjack

Total Time Dedicated to Python Learning = 82 hours
